3/19/19
Formed team with Peter Cardenas
Project Name: Mixtous
  -Audio Maker and Editor
Setting up files in github 
Setting up core values and basci concepts for application
Roles:
  -Lead Developer: Peter Cardenas
  -UI Director: Nathan Maupin

3/20/19
Worked on functionality ideas
  -possible functions of site
  -Need to prioritze main functions for site
    -Due to time period restraint

3/26/19
Completed Layout Mockup for Application
  - Sets up for bare bones set-up and allows for flexibility in functionality
  -footer expanded to cover entire bottom of page
  -Will begin expanding on possible functionalities and priorities
    -New updated mockup

2/27/19
    We have just completed setting up a domain for hosting the application at www.mixtous.herokuapp.com in order for the 
  application to be available for UI testing with testers at a later date. The UI layout for the editor mode of the 
  application has been set up in order to allow for the addition of buttons such as play, pause, import, export, save, etc.
  I have managed to set up my terminal on my personal computer in order to gain access to the script of the application in 
  order to alter portions of the application and make UI adjustments as deemed necessary. We are planning to incorporate 
  wavesurfer.js in order to provide a visual representation of audio that the user imports into the application and that will
  be dynamic to the modifications that the user applies to the audio files. We are also planning to incorporate tone.js in 
  order to be able to more easily modify audio files based on frequency, speed, etc. We are hoping to have the capability for
  displaying imported audio files within the next 1-2 weeks and be ready for bare-bones UI testing within the next 3 weeks.  

3/29/19
   I have completed the mockup concerning the audio production for the applicaiton. Upon selecting to add an audio file the
   user will be granted the option to import an audio file from their own device, record directly from their device, or create
   a file from the instruments provided on the panel. We have allowed for the importing of audio, but we will have to wait for 
   wavesurfer.js to be uploaded for waveform to work before UI testing of the track feature will begin. Our goal is to have at 
   the minimum an application that can allow for the importation of multiple audio file and then export all the files as a 
   single audio file. Considering any available alloted time we will allow for the editing of individual audio files through 
   the implementation of tone.js
   
4/2/19
  I have added buttons for playback capability such as play, pause, forward, and backward to allow for the playback of all 
  audio files in a single track. Both Peter and I are also looking into implementing howler.js in order to replace the 
  existing wavesurfer.js for a more attractive and professional appearance and to add more playback format capabilities.
  Currently we are able to upload multiple files onto a single track, but we are looking into the capability of removing audio
  from a track if necessary. I have also changed the overall font of the application in order to correlate with the appearance 
  of the both the logo and the overall styling of the application. We are expecting to have the capacity to upload and playback
  audio by the end of 4/4/19 and we will then move onto implementing the ability to export multiple audio files as a single 
  track under the MP3 format, like the current version that is accepted for uploading.

4/4/19
  I have added sliders with in the footer, which is the master control pannel, which will allow for the control of the volume 
  all tracks combined. At a later date, sliders will be added to each individual audio file to allow for the editing of the
  volume for individual audio files within a track. A slider has also been added in the master control pannel for adjusting 
  track's playback speed; which will allow for increasing and decreasing the tempo of the overall track. The application is 
  now capable of playing and pausing all audio within a track and we will soon be adding the option to play individual audio
  files within a track. Our goal is to have the capability to upload multiple audio tracks, play and edit playback speed and 
  volume, and export all audio files under a single track in the MP3 format by 4/12/19. Following the completion of that goal,
  we will then proceed with implementing tone.js in order to gain the capability to edit individual audio files and the track
  as a whole.
  
4/10/19
  I have begun building a separate home page for the application to serve as a landing page for new users to gain an insight
  on the purpose of our product and to hook the user into trying out the application. The user will not be required to sign 
  up to begin editing a track; however, in order to either save or export a file, the user will be required to register as 
  an official user with the application. We are considering designing a separate webpage to serve as a CRM that will store 
  user data sufh as email, name, and audio files; which will be accessed by the main application. The CRM will only be 
  accessible to admin users in order to ensure the protection of user information. We are also looking into begining to 
  utilizing tone.js in order to gain the capability to synthesize existing audio files and to begin importing files for 
  creating custom tracks through instruments. We are also looking into setting up the capability to allow for users to 
  create custom functions for creating and editing tracks within the application.

4/12/19
  I have set up the basic format of the home page; which will serve asa landing page for new and existing users to access 
  the application. In the header menu, there is a login button which will redirect a user to a login form requiring username/
  email and for a password. In the case that a user forgets his or her password, they will be redirected to another form to 
  enter the email to their account and a temporary password will be issued. If the user is new to the application, under the 
  login form, there is a button to sign-up and the user will be redirected to another form requiring an email, username, and
  password. An account with the application will allow for users to save their progress within the application and to have 
  more export format options. The homepage will provide users with basic information on the functionality of the application
  and how to properly utilize it. It provides visuals of the application in action and may provide a video tutorial of the 
  application if time permits.
